Let me quickly summarize what we've learned thus far because it really is important this component communication
is such a key feature and with an input and the ability to make your properties bind them all from outside
from the parent component using this component.
And the same for ad output which allows parent components using this component to listen to your own
events which you carried with you even the emitter.
These are such important features in your app.
We will use it in the recipe book in the next section because this really allows you to make your application
very dynamic.
Use many components and have them talk to each other.
Now one issue you could say with that approach is that if you want to talk between two components sitting
next to each other it can get kind of complicated to emit a meant in one component change something
in the parent component and then pass this new data down to the child component.
And these chains of inputs and outputs can really grow more complex.
So what is absolutely fine here and this is a feature you will use a lot because it's not bad at all.
There are some use cases where the distance between two components that should talk to each other is
so great that building a chain of outputs and inputs is not very practical.
That is why in the services section of discourse I will then show you another approach of having components
talk to each other though and that is important.
This will not be a better approach.
It is just a better tool for a specific use case.
I use case like this year is typically handled with input and output like we are doing it here.
It's the perfect tool for this job and it's so important.
You will see it getting used a lot for the rest of this course.